Welcome back for another 5-minute movie recap
today i'm going to give you an overview of the
2005 American science fiction action film called
war of the worlds. There will be spoilers ahead so
please proceed with caution earth was being
monitored by extraterrestrials with great
intelligence and little compassion according to
the opening narration these entities conspired to
steal everything from us as man ruled the planet
without hesitation just like germ swarm in a drop
of water. Ray Ferrier a divorced longshoreman who
works as a crane operator at a port in Brooklyn,
New York is separated from his two children
Rachel (ten) and Robbie (a teenager).
On her way to see her parents in Boston, Mary
Anne, Rey's pregnant ex-wife drops the two off
at his residence in Bayonne, New Jersey. Later
an unusual storm happens during which lightning
hits numerous times in the midst of a local
junction resulting in an EMP that destroys
virtually all electrical equipment instantaneously
rey unwillingly joins the throng at the crash site
where a huge tripod war machine rises from the
earth and destroys the area with strong energy
weaponry dissolving most of the spectators into
a grey dust ray gathers his children takes a van
from a local mechanic after he advises him on how
to fix it before driving into town and flees to
mary ann's unoccupied home in suburban new jersey
they seek refuge in the basement that night but
they are soon awakened by a weird roaring noise
followed by an explosion that destroys the
home ray and robbie discover a boeing 747 had
crashed into the neighborhood the next morning
ray then encounters a roving news crew scavenging
the wreckage for food who inform him that multiple
tripods have attacked major cities around the
world that the tripods have forced shields to
protect them from most of humanity's defenses and
that the tripod's pilots traveled to earth via
lightning storms as a way to enter their machines
which are assumed to have been a spaceship ray
then chooses to take the kids to boston to be
with their mother but they are forced to leave
their van by a frantic crowd they arrive at a
hudson riverboat only to be besieged by tripods
who slaughter or capture many of the refugees but
rey's family manages to flee they then observe
the united states of america marines squaring off
against some tripods robbie ultimately joins the
hopeless struggle against the aliens much to raise
chagrin while rey and rachel escape the scene
the u.s marines are annihilated and robbie is
assumed to have died alongside them a disturbed
guy called harlan ogilvy offers the couple
sanctuary in a neighboring cellar shortly after
even when a probe and a crew of aliens investigate
the basement the three stay unnoticed for several
days they soon discover that the aliens have
begun cultivating a red-colored flora that is
rapidly spreading throughout the area leading the
party to believe that the aliens are terraforming
earth and may be exploiting the red vegetation as
a food source when ogilvy sees the tripods taking
human blood and tissue to fertilize the alien
plants the next morning he has a nervous collapse
rey grudgingly shoots oglevy fearful that his
hysterical yelling would alert the aliens rachel
flees and is taken by the tripod after a second
tripod probe finds the farriers asleep rey is then
kidnapped on purpose when the aliens are alerted
by explosives rey ultimately uses the explosives
to smash the tripod from within releasing them
all with the assistance of additional abductees
rey and rachel arrive in boston a few days later
to discover the alien plant wilting and the
tripods mysteriously crumbling ray observes birds
landing on an active tripod suggesting that its
force shields have been deactivated rey informs
the troops accompanying the fleeing throng who use
anti-tank rockets to bring it down a hatch opens
as the soldiers approach the collapsed tripod
and a pale sickly alien crawls halfway out before
collapsing and dying rey and rachel are reunited
with mary anne and robbie when they arrive at mary
ann's parents house who had somehow survived the
aliens deaths were caused by their immune systems
being unable to cope with the numerous billions of
microorganisms that populate the earth according
to a concluding voice-over and mankind has won
the right to the planet by organically
living with the rest of its ecosystem
if you like this movie click the link in the
description below to watch it today i hope you
have enjoyed this video hit the like button and
subscribe for more videos have a great day ahead